Update to DynamicSumTypes 3 (#1055)
JuliaDynamics/Agents.jl: CHANGELOG.md

# v6.1

> - The version of `@multiagent` introduced in Agents.jl v6.0 has been deprecated because a better metodology to run multiagent simulation efficiently was found. For this reason,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `@multiagent` macro introduced in Agents.jl v6.0 has been completely overhauled. We found a better methodology to create performant multi-agent types that can re-use existing agent types. Please read the docstring of the new `@multiagent` and consult the updated tutorial in v6.1 for more details.

All `@multiagent`-specific functions that were introduced in v6.0, such as `kindof`, have also been deprecated, see the main tutorial.

For `EventQueueABM`, that was an experimental feature that used to work only with `kindof`, it is also now changed to work with the standard `typeof` of the base Julia language.
```

Correct?

> a new version was also introduced, its working is described in the tutorial and in the performance tips of the documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

- Every aspect of Agents.jl is orthogonal to `AgentBasedModel`: movement and neighbor searching in any space, data collection, visualizations, etc., are independent of the specific type of `AgentBasedModel` and work out of the box with any model.
- Logic of when to collect data in `run!` has been improved to accommodate both discrete and continuous time models. This is reflected in the new options for the keyword `when`.
  - A new keyword `init` is now available for `run!` to data collect from the model before evolving it. Whether data were collected at time 0 or not was not really obvious in the original version of `run!` due to the ambiguity of the previous handling of `when`.

> - Integration with `DynamicSumTypes.@sumtype` macro allows to run multi-agent simulations much more efficiently.

Reviewer: You can't alter a previous changelog entry, that defeats the whole point of making a changelog. You need a new entry for the new version.

Author: yes sorry
